---
layout: post
cover: '/assets/images/How-to-keep-your-degus-happy.jpg'
title: How to keep your Degus happy
date: 2018-05-25
tags: test
author: Greta Frigido
---

If you want your Degus to be happy and live a long, healthy life,then you might need to know a few tips which might help you.
One of the most inportant things is that you must have a spacious and tall cage,which should be about 52 inches in height, 32 inches in length and 21 inches in width, as Degus need a lot of space to run around and to climb, as they are very active animals. 
Degus are also very social animals, therefore you have to keep them in pairs or groups to provent them from suffering isolation which could cause majour depresion, this is usually a problem when a degu dies and hase to leave the other one on it's own, or in some extreme cases when you have to seperate your degus due to their fighting. Some sighs of depresion could mean not eating enough food, not sleeping and possibly not even drinking. Degus could sometimes die because of this, or suffer gravely.
You could really help your degus with this by spending more time with them and coming up with different activities for the bothe of you to do, this can often build a lot of trust in bothe of you but is mainly to keep your degu busy and still happy. By doing this, you could also become someone else that your degu can rely on, you could be just like another degu to them, but it does require a lot of hard work and expecially love. 
Another thing that Degus love, is to have different shelters and places to hide or sleep in, and to make a degu even happier, you could add some torm pieces of kitchen roll or have lots of hay to make it very comfortable for them.
